[Music]
I don't want to know anything about diet
I'm gonna read your thoughts now you
come here from a great distance
yeah tell me you want me to buy a
subscription to The Saturday Evening
Post no not a word now what donations
you want me to make a donation to the
Coast Guard Youth auxilary guy I'm from
the future I came here in a time machine
that you invented now I need your help
to get back to the year 1985
do you know what this means it means
that this damn thing doesn't work you
gotta help me you were the only one who
knows how your time machine works okay
alright my driver's license expires in
87 born yet and look at this picture my
sister and me
class of 1984 tell me who's President of
the United States in 1985 Jerry Lewis I
suppose the bruise the bruise in your
head I know how that happened you told
me the whole story you were standing on
your toilet and you were hanging a clock
and you fell and you hit your head on
the sink and that's when he came up with
the idea for the flux capacitor which is
what makes time travel possible
[Music]